---
layout: post
title: COOKIES!
date: 2020-12-15 20:56:32
tags:
excerpt:
enclosure:
pullquote:
enclosure_type: video/mp4
enclosure_time:
use_youtube_image: false
youtube_alternate_image: /uploads/unnamed-4.png
youtube_code:
---

With the Holiday season upon us, our thoughts often turn to cookies\!&nbsp; First, a brief history lesson. Cookies are said to have originated in Persia in the 7th century AD. At the time, sugar had been brought to the region and instead of using honey to bake with, new recipes for cakes were developed using sugar and flour. In order to test the ovens, little cakes - or cookies were baked first. These little "flat cakes" caught on and became our first cookies\! If you think back to your childhood, we bet there is a good chance that you have a happy memory sitting down with some cookies and milk in mama's kitchen\! One of the best traditions about the holidays is making or receiving cookies. We all have our favorites from butter cookies cut into fun, festive shapes or gingerbread or whatever your grandma used to make\! Check out some easy cookie recipes from the folks at "All Recipes"&nbsp;**[HERE](https://t.e2ma.net/click/ig4yjd/y0qeoac/e1lbgk){: target="_blank"}&nbsp;&nbsp;**Why not bake up a batch or two of your favorites and do a "Cookie Drive by drop-off" Even during this challenging time - I'm sure this will spread a little cheer to someone who's down\!&nbsp;

**Real Estate Tip of the Week&nbsp;**

Speaking of cookies, how about making sure your&nbsp;**oven**&nbsp;is maintained so those cookies bake up great? Check out this post of 4 Easy Ways to Maintain your Oven. Sounds pretty simple and you'll be on your way to doing some great baking for the holidays\!&nbsp;[**CLICK HERE**&nbsp;](https://t.e2ma.net/click/ig4yjd/y0qeoac/amnbgk){: target="_blank"}&nbsp;to check out the post.

**Words of Wisdom**

*"*Think what a better world it would be if we all, the whole world, had cookies and milk about three o'clock every afternoon and then lay down on our blankets for a nap.- Barbara Jordan

Christmas cookies can't help but be retro - they are memory first, sugar-flour-egg-redhot-gumdrop-sparkle reality second. Dana Goodyear

Christmas for me is all about spending time with my family. I cherish any chance we have to spend all day together making gingerbread houses, baking cookies, or sitting around and watching movies. Blake Lively

People have got to learn: if they don't have cookies in the cookie jar, they can't eat cookies. Suze Orman

**Musical Inspiration for this week&nbsp;**Every Monday we share some Musical Inspiration to get your week started. We relate it to the Monday Morning Inspirational Blog topic. This week our topic is about what cookies represent\!&nbsp; &nbsp;Our Musicologist, Mr. Michael Riccio picked out SEVERAL excellent songs on this topic which are sure to inspire you this week\! &nbsp;**[CLICK HERE TO LISTEN AND GET INSPIRED\!](https://t.e2ma.net/click/ig4yjd/y0qeoac/qeobgk){: target="_blank"}**

**Play Fun Day Monday Now\!&nbsp;**Don't Click off the blog without answering this week's Trivia Question about the&nbsp;**Post Office\!&nbsp;**&nbsp;[**CLICK HERE TO PLAY THE FUN DAY MONDAY TRIVIA CONTEST NOW\!**\!](https://t.e2ma.net/click/ig4yjd/y0qeoac/66obgk){: target="_blank"}Make it a Great Week and and share a smile and a cookie\!&nbsp;

Karen & Joe Donovan

&nbsp;P.S. The winners for last week's Trivia Contest were: Linda Dickson, Ryan Van Reland, Teresa Swinhart, Anderson Rader\!&nbsp;**&nbsp;**Not only do they get a Panera Gift Card but their names are entered in the Grand Prize drawing for the month of November and that winner will have a donation made to the Charity of their choice\! &nbsp;Watch Last Week's Winners announced on The Good News Wednesday Show.&nbsp;**[WATCH ON FACEBOOK OR YOUTUBE NOW\!](https://t.e2ma.net/click/ig4yjd/y0qeoac/mzpbgk){: target="_blank"}**

**Grand Prize drawing for Charity for November&nbsp;**\- Winner was&nbsp;**Nancy Reyes**&nbsp;and her favorite charity is Samaritans Purse. She requested that we donate toward the chicken project\! Read about it&nbsp;**[HERE&nbsp;](https://t.e2ma.net/click/ig4yjd/y0qeoac/2rqbgk){: target="_blank"}[&nbsp;](https://t.e2ma.net/click/ig4yjd/y0qeoac/ikrbgk){: target="_blank"}**A donation has been made based on the 653 players in last month's Trivia contests\!&nbsp; New Grand Prize drawings are done the first Wednesday of each month on Facebook live on our Good News Wednesday Show.&nbsp; Don't forget to play - every entry in our Fun Day Monday contest counts towards giving money to Charity\!
