---
layout: post
title: Let It Go
date: 2021-05-24 00:00:00
tags:
excerpt:
enclosure:
pullquote:
enclosure_type: video/mp4
enclosure_time:
use_youtube_image: false
youtube_alternate_image: /uploads/unnamed-1-2.jpg
youtube_code:
---
**Play Fun Day Monday Now & Win a Panera Card\!&nbsp;****Don't Click off the blog without answering this week's Trivia Question about Letting things go&nbsp;**[**CLICK HERE to play FUN DAY MONDAY Trivia\!**](https://t.e2ma.net/click/q2egwe/y0qeoac/ygny1m){: target="_blank"}

**Real Estate Tip of the Week: Speaking of Letting things Go - how about making the best use of your Cleaning time so you can let all those unnecessary cleaning tasks Go? Check out super simple "5 Ways to Cut Your Cleaning Time" &nbsp;[CLICK HERE](https://t.e2ma.net/click/q2egwe/y0qeoac/e9ny1m){: target="_blank"}**

**Musical Inspiration for this week\!&nbsp;****Every Monday we share Musical Inspiration to get your week started off right. We relate it to the Monday Morning Inspirational Blog topic. This week our topic is,of course about letting things go in your life\!&nbsp; Our Musicologist, Mr. Michael Riccio picked out SEVERAL inspiring songs on this topic which are**&nbsp;**sure to get your week off to a good start\!&nbsp;**[**CLICK HERE TO LISTEN AND GET INSPIRED\!**](https://t.e2ma.net/click/q2egwe/y0qeoac/u1oy1m){: target="_blank"}

**Employment Opportunity -&nbsp;****Know anyone looking for a change and/or to make extra income? Check out a new job opportunity\!**&nbsp;**Please**&nbsp;[**CLICK HERE**](https://t.e2ma.net/click/q2egwe/y0qeoac/aupy1m){: target="_blank"}&nbsp;&nbsp;**for a link with all the details.**

**Birthday Shoutouts\!&nbsp;****Celebrating a Birthday? Know someone you'd like to do a little something special for?&nbsp; Check out our weekly Birthday Shoutouts on the Good News Wednesday show\! Join in the fun\!&nbsp; Check it out**&nbsp;[**CLICK HERE**](https://t.e2ma.net/click/q2egwe/y0qeoac/qmqy1m){: target="_blank"}\!

**Let it Go\! The reality is that we've all been through a lot in the past year. Mental thinking processes and stress management are as labor intensive as physical ones. The same is true with emotions. When your mind is overwhelmed with too much information and too many sensations, it works harder to keep your body safe and working properly. That means making your mental well-being a priority. One of the best things we can do to help is to let go of the things we can't control, so we can better handle what we can control. Powerful quotes on how to let things go faster.&nbsp;[CLICK HERE](https://t.e2ma.net/click/q2egwe/y0qeoac/6ery1m){: target="_blank"}**

**Here are three things to put on your "let go list":**

**1\. Old hurts and grudges. They are all added baggage that rob you of peace and serenity, and nothing is worth losing either of those in this new reality. Forgive and let it go, for your own sake. It's like a million weights being lifted from your shoulders when you do\!**

**2\. Extreme expectations. We've never encountered anything like this before, so give yourself a break with the expectation that you are going to feel and behave at peak capacity during a time when we are fending off challenges from every front\!**

**3\. Putting everyone else’s needs before yours. Self-care has never been more important. While we all have obligations, the saying that "you can't drink from an empty cup" is founded in truth.**

***“The truth is that there is no actual stress or anxiety in the world; it's your thoughts that create these false beliefs. You can't package stress, touch it, or see it. There are only people engaged in stressful thinking.” - Wayne Dyer***

**Make it a great week, and just let it go\!**

**Karen & Joe Donovan**

**P.S.****The winners for last week's Trivia Contest were**\:&nbsp;**Tammy Capitani, Cheryl Scimonelli, Donna Harper, Paolo Fonte.&nbsp;****Not Only do they get a Panera Gift Card but their names are entered in the Grand Prize drawing for the month of April and that winner will have a donation made to the Charity of their choice\! &nbsp;Watch the Winners announced on The Good News Wednesday Show&nbsp;**&nbsp;[**WATCH ON FACEBOOK OR YOUTUBE NOW \!**](https://t.e2ma.net/click/q2egwe/y0qeoac/2zsy1m){: target="_blank"}

**BIG ANNOUNCEMENT - Grand Prize Drawing for April\! Winner was Vanessa Singh\! Vanessa's favorite charity is&nbsp;**[**Children's Miracle Network**](https://t.e2ma.net/click/q2egwe/y0qeoac/isty1m){: target="_blank"}**[&nbsp;](https://t.e2ma.net/click/q2egwe/y0qeoac/ykuy1m){: target="_blank"}&nbsp;A donation was made to them based on the number of players in Fun Day Monday for the whole month of April\!**
