---
layout: post
title: Feelings
date: 2022-01-24 00:00:00
tags:
excerpt:
enclosure:
pullquote:
enclosure_type: video/mp4
enclosure_time:
use_youtube_image: false
youtube_alternate_image: /uploads/unnamed-2-2.jpg
youtube_code:
---
***&nbsp;" The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart."&nbsp; -&nbsp;[Helen Keller](https://t.e2ma.net/click/ednsng/y0qeoac/iw847o){: target="_blank"}[&nbsp;](https://t.e2ma.net/click/ednsng/y0qeoac/yo947o){: target="_blank"}*&nbsp;**

**Good Morning\! &nbsp;**

**A feeling is triggered by some sort of significant event. This event may happen in your mind – a memory (happy or sad) or a sensation (painful or pleasurable). Or it may be triggered by the world around you – something you see, hear, smell, taste or touch that causes you to feel a certain way.**

**Your mind takes notice of these feelings and alerts you to react by either a “Fight or Flight response” if danger is perceived or, if positive, your mind encourages you to approach and explore it\!**

**So, you say, for 2022 I am getting rid of all the negativity and I am just focusing on the positive feelings\! Easy to say until some of that 2021 negativity comes creeping back\!&nbsp; How do you turn negative feelings into positive ones?&nbsp; Here are 3 tips I have gleaned from the experts including our great reference book we’ve been reading –&nbsp;[The Happiness Trap](https://t.e2ma.net/click/ednsng/y0qeoac/u9a57o){: target="_blank"}\:**

**1\. Avoid Overgeneralizing – change your self-talk from “I am always making mistakes” to “I never see failure as failure itself, but only as an opportunity to perfect my performance and practice my techniques” –&nbsp;[Tom Hopkins](https://t.e2ma.net/click/ednsng/y0qeoac/a2b57o){: target="_blank"}**

**2\. Treat Yourself with Compassion – When your mind leans toward negativity, ask yourself how you would respond to a friend. You would not be as hard on a friend as you are on yourself. “Take some time to be kind to yourself and give yourself Self Love.” –&nbsp;[Christine Arylo](https://t.e2ma.net/click/ednsng/y0qeoac/quc57o){: target="_blank"}**

**3\. Live in the Present – Define yourself in terms of what you are doing now, rather than what you did in the past.&nbsp;[Alan Watts](https://t.e2ma.net/click/ednsng/y0qeoac/6md57o){: target="_blank"}**

**Reliving past mistakes or worrying about what will happen in the future will fuel your anxiousness. Remind yourself not to dwell on the situations that you have no power to change or a future you can’t predict. You can turn negative feelings into positive ones by living in the present. Think of the example of a little child wrapped up in the&nbsp;[moment of having fun](https://t.e2ma.net/click/ednsng/y0qeoac/mfe57o){: target="_blank"}\!**

**Learning to look for the positive side of feelings that flood your mind on a daily, hourly and minute by minute basis can transform your thought process and propel your positive feelings forward. It is the secret on how you can create your own positive story throughout this coming year\!&nbsp;**

**Real Estate Corner: Speaking of "Feelings" -- What are 10 Natural Ways to Make Your Home Smell Positively Amazing? Check these tips out - you will feel really great once you try these\! -&nbsp;[CLICK HERE](https://t.e2ma.net/click/ednsng/y0qeoac/27e57o){: target="_blank"}**

**Hope you enjoyed these tips\!**

**Make it a Great Week\!**

**Karen & Joe**
