---
layout: post
title: ATTITUDE
date: 2022-04-18 14:14:15
tags:
excerpt: “The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
enclosure:
pullquote:
enclosure_type: video/mp4
enclosure_time:
use_youtube_image: false
youtube_alternate_image: /uploads/unnamed-21.jpg
youtube_code:
---
{% include youtube.html %}

***“The only disability in life is a bad attitude." -&nbsp;[Scott Hamilton](https://t.e2ma.net/click/2ru2bh/q6p3gvi/yk2ozp){: target="_blank"}&nbsp;- Gold Medal Skater and Sports Commentator.***

**A little girl was overheard talking to herself as she marched through the backyard wearing her baseball cap and toting a ball and bat.&nbsp; “I’m the&nbsp;[greatest hitter in the world](https://t.e2ma.net/click/2ru2bh/q6p3gvi/ed3ozp){: target="_blank"},” she announced.&nbsp; Then she tossed the ball into the air, swung at it and missed.**

**“Strike one\!”&nbsp; she yelled. Undaunted, she picked up the ball and said again. “I’m the greatest hitter in the world\!” She tossed the ball into the air. When it came down, she swung again and missed. “Strike two\! she cried.**

**The girl then paused a moment to examine her bat and ball carefully, and then rubbed her hands together. She straightened her cap and said once more, “I’m the greatest hitter in the world\! Again, she tossed the ball up in the air and swung at it. She missed. “Strike three\!”.**

**“Wow\!” she exclaimed. “I’m the&nbsp;[greatest pitcher in the world](https://t.e2ma.net/click/2ru2bh/q6p3gvi/u53ozp){: target="_blank"}\!”**

**Either way – she’s right.**

**Isn’t attitude a wonderful thing?**

**We all have heard the expression: ‘When life hands you lemons, make lemonade…” &nbsp;Here’s hoping that whatever life throws at you this spring and summer of 2022, you are able to&nbsp;[bounce back](https://t.e2ma.net/click/2ru2bh/q6p3gvi/ay4ozp){: target="_blank"}, like the little girl in the story above and make some lemonade out of any lemons that might be tossed your way\!**

**REAL ESTATE CORNER: &nbsp;Speaking of Lemonade\! How would you like to serve the absolute, hands down best homemade lemonade to guests who come to visit your home this spring and summer? Check it out for quick recipe video:&nbsp; &nbsp;[CLICK HERE](https://t.e2ma.net/click/2ru2bh/q6p3gvi/qq5ozp){: target="_blank"}**

**Hope you Enjoyed these tips**

**Let us know if we can help you in any way\!&nbsp;**

**Karen & Joe Donovan&nbsp;**

***P.S. Check out this week's featured song - guaranteed to get your week off on the right foot\! "New Attitude"&nbsp;[CLICK HERE](https://t.e2ma.net/click/2ru2bh/q6p3gvi/6i6ozp){: target="_blank"}***
