---
layout: post
title: SILENCE
date: 2022-11-27 07:00:00
tags:
excerpt:
enclosure:
pullquote:
enclosure_type: video/mp4
enclosure_time:
use_youtube_image: false
youtube_alternate_image: /uploads/8dbabf6882a20d23bc4b8436-1224x396.jpg
youtube_code:
---
**WORD OF THE WEEK&nbsp;[SILENCE](https://silenceisbeauty.com/short-poems-about-silence/)**

***"Have the maturity to know that sometimes silence is more powerful than having the last word." -&nbsp;[Thelma Davis](https://www.goodreads.com/author/quotes/6911723.Thema_Davis)***

**Good Morning Friends,**

**I hope you all enjoyed their Thanksgiving in whatever manner you celebrated it. Did you relax? Did you eat too much?&nbsp; Was there a heated discussion?&nbsp; Our word for this week is Silence\!&nbsp; After several years in isolation, maybe we will all crave a little “Silence” after our get-togethers this holiday season\!**

**Before the gatherings have come and gone, maybe we could benefit from learning a little bit more about the art of “Silence”.**

**I always heard as a child, “[Silence is golden](https://www.bing.com/search?q=silence+is+golden+-+meaning&amp;cvid=a251240ba0f74d92b1ad07460a461cec&amp;aqs=edge..69i57j69i64.12303j0j1&amp;pglt=675&amp;FORM=ANNTA1&amp;PC=U531)”, but I never really thought much about it before.&nbsp; Then I came upon some sage advice from none other than Albert Einstein\!&nbsp; It clued me in on what I had been missing.**

**Let’s say you are at a family gathering and a controversial topic comes up about religion or politics. Here are some reasons why it might be best to remain silent:**

**1\. When your judgement is clouded because you are angry or tired or had one too many glasses of wine. This way you won’t say something you regret later.**

**2\. When you know your words will be more hurtful than useful. Consider whether your words are actually going to be useful or if in reality they will be more hurtful to the other person.**

**3\. When your opinion doesn’t matter. When your opinion is irrelevant or not valued, silence is often the best answer to someone who does not value your words.**

**4\. When you don’t have enough evidence. There is nothing worse than putting your “2 cents” in when you really don’t have all the details. You might influence another person about something affecting their physical or mental well-being on here-say and not solid facts\!**

**5\. And last but not least, it’s best to remain silent when you don’t have anything to say. Remember you don’t have to speak for the sake of speaking. Be careful when you chime in when you don’t really have anything to add, once ill thought out words are said, they can only be forgiven but not forgotten\!**

**As our opening quote so aptly puts it: “Have the maturity to know that sometimes silence is more powerful than having the last word\! Do YOU Talk too much?&nbsp; You might be surprised\! Take the Quiz -&nbsp;[CLICK HERE](https://petrage.net/the-do-i-talk-to-much-quiz/)**

**Real Estate Corner:&nbsp;****Talking about Silence\! What are the best ways to sound proof a room that don't cost a fortune*****?*&nbsp; To get some insights check out "Cheapest Ways to Sound Proof a Room" &nbsp;[CLICK HERE](https://moderncastle.com/blog/cheapest-way-to-soundproof-a-room/#:~:text=Cheap%20Ways%20to%20Soundproof%20a%20Room%201%201.,living%20spaces.%20...%203%203.%20Add%20upholstered%20furniture)**

**Hope you Enjoyed these tips & inf😎**

**[Let us know](https://longislandrealestatevideoblog.com/contact)&nbsp;if we can help you in any way\!&nbsp;**

**Karen & Joe Don😎van&nbsp;**&nbsp;