---
layout: post
title: Rainbows
date: 2022-03-07 14:05:22
tags:
excerpt: "Sometimes life presents us with opportunities, which are\_disguised as roadblocks.\_"
enclosure:
pullquote:
enclosure_type: video/mp4
enclosure_time:
use_youtube_image: false
youtube_alternate_image: /uploads/unnamed.jpeg
youtube_code:
---
***"You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them. Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud. Do not complain. Make every effort to change things you do not like. If you cannot make a change, change the way you have been thinking. You might find a new solution. &nbsp;*****[Maya Angelou, Letter to My Daughter](https://t.e2ma.net/click/xqzthe/hmthfkv/dft5ei){: target="_blank"}**

**Sometimes life presents us with opportunities, which are&nbsp;[disguised as roadblocks.&nbsp;](https://t.e2ma.net/click/xqzthe/hmthfkv/t7t5ei){: target="_blank"}We have all had things happen in our life that seemed devastating at the time. Years later, however, you can look back and realize that those tough times really were the catalyst that led to something wonderful. Maybe even something that changed the course of your life.**

**That’s what happened to Dolly Parton in 1974. &nbsp;Elvis wanted to record her latest hit,&nbsp;[*“I Will Always Love You”*](https://t.e2ma.net/click/xqzthe/hmthfkv/9zu5ei){: target="_blank"}. Wow\! What an exciting moment, but then Presley’s manager said it would only go forward if she signed away half the song’s publishing rights. &nbsp;Dolly declined the offer, then cried all night long. As it turned out, it was one of the best decisions of her career. Within the next 18 years, the song made two major film appearances:&nbsp;*“The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas”*&nbsp;(1982) and as we all know,&nbsp;[Whitney Houston made it famous&nbsp;](https://t.e2ma.net/click/xqzthe/hmthfkv/psv5ei){: target="_blank"}in the movie&nbsp;*“The Bodyguard”*&nbsp;(1992). Before Dolly, no artist had two No. 1 records with the same song, let alone three as a writer — and she kept all her royalties. It was a defining moment in her career, but a decision that she agonized over at the time.&nbsp; Sometimes, going through the storm is what ends up bringing us the rainbow at the other end\!&nbsp;**

**REAL ESTATE CORNER: BUILDING SUPPLY ROADBLOCKS - "This Old House" Contractors "Must See" discussion on Challenges and Opportunities in the housing industry:&nbsp;[CLICK HERE FOR THE SCOOP](https://t.e2ma.net/click/xqzthe/hmthfkv/5kw5ei){: target="_blank"}**

**Hope you Enjoyed these tips**

**Let us know if we can help you in any way\!&nbsp;**

**Karen & Joe Donvan&nbsp;**

**[P.S. Check out this week's featured song\! "Sunshine, Lollipops & Rainbows."&nbsp; Happiest song I've ever heard\!](https://t.e2ma.net/click/xqzthe/hmthfkv/ldx5ei){: target="_blank"}**
