---
layout: post
title: HAPPY
date: 2022-12-18 07:00:00
tags:
excerpt:
enclosure:
pullquote:
enclosure_type: video/mp4
enclosure_time:
use_youtube_image: false
youtube_alternate_image: /uploads/1f17cd5c71270991715e8bea-1224x470.jpg
youtube_code:
---
**WORD OF THE WEEK&nbsp;[HAPPY](https://youtu.be/BEt235vQXOA)**

**Good Morning Friends,**

**At this special time of year - what makes you happy? Recently, I saw a movie on Netflix about a young girl who was a genius, but she was very unhappy. She was so depressed, that her idea of holiday fun was to stay home and curl up with a book. Now, don’t get me wrong, staying home and curling up with a book is not necessarily a bad thing\! But the point is that’s all she ever did and she was the most well-read 17 year old, ever\!&nbsp;**

**One day, her shrink told her to make a list of 10 things that made her happy. &nbsp;Begrudgingly she made her list, silly as it was. Then he told her that each week she had to do one thing on her list. “Oh no\!” she cried, “that’s not for me”.&nbsp; But little by little she stepped out of her comfort zone and made the effort. One thing on her list was drinking a cherry soda that she had liked as a kid. It was silly but enjoyable\! Then she went on to check off the other items on her list one by one. At the end, she had conquered her fears and began to enjoy living life again.&nbsp; What about you? Would it help during this season of good will and cheer if you too, were to make a list of things you used to enjoy at the holiday time and then re-introduce some of your old favorites into your life?**

**Maybe it’s a food or beverage that gave you that warm fuzzy feeling as a kid. What about making that drink or food and enjoying it again? Maybe it is as simple as a stroll or drive to see who can spot the coolest Holiday lights\! Or maybe just slowing down and realizing that you are not a superhuman after all and if everything doesn’t get done by Christmas, that it is ok to put it off ‘til later. &nbsp;It is not the end of the world and worst comes to worst, there’s always Christmas in July\!**

**So, take a few minutes right now, get out a paper and pen and jot down your list of the Things that would make you Happy this season. &nbsp;We bet you may rediscover some of the happy feelings you left behind and you will have a much more enjoyable time with family, friends and those you care about\! Warm Wishes for Happiness always.**

**Real Estate Corner:&nbsp;****Speaking of what makes you happy. One thing that makes us happy is writing songs to share with our friends\! This one is called "Home is in Your Heart" Have a listen and hope it makes you Happy\! &nbsp;[CLICK HERE](https://youtu.be/BEt235vQXOA)**

**Hope you Enjoyed these tips & inf😎**

**[Let us know](https://longislandrealestatevideoblog.com/contact)&nbsp;if we can help you in any way\!&nbsp;**

**Karen & Joe Don😎van&nbsp;**&nbsp;