---
layout: post
title: Values
date: 2022-01-03 00:00:00
tags:
excerpt:
enclosure:
pullquote:
enclosure_type: video/mp4
enclosure_time:
use_youtube_image: false
youtube_alternate_image: /uploads/unnamed-17.jpg
youtube_code:
---
***&nbsp;" If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you Not much."&nbsp; -&nbsp;[Jim Rohn&nbsp;](https://t.e2ma.net/click/3r24md/zwff20l/rqd72e){: target="_blank"}*&nbsp;&nbsp;**

**Good Morning\! &nbsp;**

**We have finally arrived\! Happy New Year\! What will 2022 have in store for you? Have you made your New Years Resolutions yet?&nbsp; Sure, it is important to consider goals and resolutions you have for the new year, but it’s equally important to ponder about what your underlying&nbsp;[Values](https://t.e2ma.net/click/3r24md/zwff20l/nbf72e){: target="_blank"}&nbsp;are and then use them to form the foundation for your personal development and success. Values define what you are all about. To be successful, we need to find out where we are going, and know who we are before we set out on the journey.**

**This quote by Lewis Carroll, from&nbsp;*Alice in Wonderland&nbsp;*says it all.**

**“*Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?”“That depends a great deal on where you want to get to,” said the Cat.“I don’t much care where...” said Alice.“[Then it doesn’t matter which way you go,” said the Cat.](https://t.e2ma.net/click/3r24md/zwff20l/33f72e){: target="_blank"}***

**If, like Alice, you are not sure where you are headed in this new year, it may help to think about what you don’t want, in other words… what you have already that you don't like about your situation and what you really want to&nbsp;[change](https://t.e2ma.net/click/3r24md/zwff20l/jwg72e){: target="_blank"}&nbsp;in 2022.**

**Why not make this new year matter in extraordinary ways by getting clear about what values are important to you and what you hold near and dear to your heart?&nbsp;**

**In his book,&nbsp;[“The Happiness Trap”](https://t.e2ma.net/click/3r24md/zwff20l/zoh72e){: target="_blank"}&nbsp;, Russ Harris&nbsp;****has a great list of Values and their definitions. For the start of our New Year’s day, Joe and I sat down and made a list of our top 6 values as a starting point before setting up goals for the new year that align with these values.&nbsp; When you have a half hour or so, take a look at the list and see what your top 6 are.&nbsp;[CLICK HERE](https://t.e2ma.net/click/3r24md/zwff20l/fhi72e){: target="_blank"}&nbsp; &nbsp;We'll take a further look at this next week\!**

**Real Estate Corner: Speaking of "Values" -- What are some Amazon alternatives that also provide great values in on-line shopping? Check out the recommendations from Rolling Stone&nbsp; - I learned a few interesting things\! &nbsp;[CLICK HERE](https://t.e2ma.net/click/3r24md/zwff20l/v9i72e){: target="_blank"}&nbsp; &nbsp;**

**Make it a great week and r****emember: "Values are like fingerprints. Nobody's are the same, but you leave 'em all over everything you do"...&nbsp;[Elvis Presley](https://t.e2ma.net/click/3r24md/zwff20l/b2j72e){: target="_blank"}**

**Karen & Joe**
