---
layout:
title: KIND
date: 2022-10-05 10:00:00
tags:
  - Transaction Management
excerpt:
enclosure:
pullquote:
enclosure_type: video/mp4
enclosure_time:
use_youtube_image: false
youtube_alternate_image: /uploads/email-webview-m😎nday-m😎rning-real-estate-hotlists.png
youtube_code:
---
**INSPIRATION FOR YOUR WEEK AHEAD:**

**WORD OF THE WEEK&nbsp;[KIND](https://www.bing.com/search?q=what%20is%20the%20meaning%20of%20Kind%20as%20an%20adjective%3F&amp;qs=n&amp;form=QBRE&amp;=%25eManage%20Your%20Search%20History%25E&amp;sp=-1&amp;pq=what%20is%20the%20meaning%20of%20kind%20as%20an%20adjective%3F&amp;sc=10-44&amp;sk=&amp;cvid=645EA8CB37A54CE5ACD4D111F6B1E213&amp;ghsh=0&amp;ghacc=0&amp;ghpl=)&nbsp;(adj)**

**&nbsp;“Kindness is a language that the deaf can hear and the blind can see. –&nbsp;[Mark Twain](https://www.goodreads.com/author/quotes/4833566.Carroll_Bryant)**

**Good Morning Friends,**

**Does doing something kind for a total stranger put a grin on your face from ear to ear? Or does just the thought of reaching out to a stranger to provide some act of kindness make you want to run for the hills?&nbsp; Would your friends more likely refer to you as being like Winnie the Pooh or Ebenezer Scrooge? &nbsp;**

**If acting to benefit others is part of your outlook on life, then you are most likely a “KIND” person.**

**How do you rate on the Kindness scale? Check out the “Kindness Quiz" here. This quiz has just 5 simple questions to see whether you more closely resemble Scrooge or Winnie the Pooh on the kindness scale\!&nbsp;[CLICK HERE](https://www.buildquizzes.com/QKU3TR)**

**Fortunately, one good thing that has come out of the pandemic is that many folks have chosen the path of kindness toward their fellow man. (The study shows two thirds of folks feel that way).**

**A detailed, online questionnaire created by the University of Sussex, reached over 60,000 people in 144 countries to try to understand how people experience kindness in their daily lives.**

**Here are some findings from the study:**

**\*All aspects of kindness (seeing kindness, receiving kindness, and being kind) were more commonly reported by women than men in the study.&nbsp;**

**\*When it comes to personality, people who scored high on extraversion, openness and agreeableness said they give and receive more kindness.**

**\*The most common barriers to kindness were reported to be concerns about kindness being misinterpreted (65.9%), not having enough time (57.5%), use of social media (52.3%), not having the opportunity (42.1%), or kindness being seen as a weakness (27.6%). &nbsp;**

**\*The study also found that being kind is good for you. Respondents who reported that they receive, give, or observe more frequent acts of kindness reported higher levels of personal well-being.&nbsp;**

**Conclusion: This comprehensive kindness survey provides one of the most detailed sources of insight that we have on contemporary attitudes towards kindness at a time when the coronavirus pandemic has brought the subject of kindness, community and helping each other to the forefront of everyone's minds.**

**Life is short\! Those who reach out with kindness see and receive more kindness in return. This week, why not try to break out of your shell and start a conversation with someone new? It might make their day and I’m sure it will make yours too\!**

**Real Estate Corner:&nbsp;****Talking about being kind - Discover what are the most beloved comfort foods for us to enjoy this fall so that we are not only kind to others, but we are kind to ourselves in the process? Find out the 10 most Popular and Delicious Comfort Foods of all time: &nbsp;[CLICK HERE&nbsp;](https://www.tasteofhome.com/collection/top-10-comfort-food-recipes/)**

**Hope you Enjoyed these tips & inf😎**

**[Let us know](https://longislandrealestatevideoblog.com/contact)&nbsp;if we can help you in any way\!&nbsp;**

**Karen & Joe Don😎van&nbsp;**

***P.S. LISTEN NOW TO THE SONG OF THE WEEK\!***

***Have you ever been frightened or nervous? Check out this week's song to see these kid's beautiful solution\! Don't miss this\!***

***[CLICK HERE NOW&nbsp;](https://youtu.be/CxHMO4mH16k)&nbsp;&nbsp;***&nbsp;