---
layout: post
title: BRAVE
date: 2022-10-31 05:00:00
tags:
excerpt:
enclosure:
pullquote:
enclosure_type: video/mp4
enclosure_time:
use_youtube_image: false
youtube_alternate_image: /uploads/email-webview-m😎nday-m😎rning-wake-up-scary-brave.png
youtube_code:
---
**WORD OF THE WEEK&nbsp;[BRAVE](https://youtu.be/QUQsqBqxoR4)**

*&nbsp;**"Being brave isn't the absence of fear. Being brave is having that fear but finding a way through it."&nbsp;[Bear Grylls&nbsp;](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bear_Grylls)***

**Good Morning Friends,**

**What is the bravest thing you’ve ever done? Sometimes it’s something you were afraid to do but knew if you didn’t take the opportunity, life would pass you by. On the other hand, sometimes some of us did something we thought was brave but we really didn’t think it through first. When we made that kind of choice, we usually knew the second we did it that it was probably not brave, it was just plain stupid\!**

**So how do we know if we should “grab the golden ring” when it comes around or just let it ride?**

**Here are two questions you can ask yourself, (though not sure-fire litmus tests), to determine if you should or shouldn’t go “all in” for an opportunity that presents itself\!**

**1\. Does this act of bravery line up with my values? For example, if all your life you have valued lending a helping hand to help others and the opportunity arose to go down to help hurricane victims – this opportunity might very well line up with your values. If on the other hand you have health issues and your biggest priority is to keep yourself healthy and disease free right now, this might not be a great choice.**

**2\. Does this opportunity contribute to the betterment of others? If this is an unselfish act of bravery, chances are other people around you will be positively impacted by your actions. (Even if just in a small way). If your action is selfish, on the other hand, chances are it will not only end up negatively affecting others, but in the long run, either make you feel remorseful or end up turning your life's path in the wrong direction\!&nbsp;**

**3\. Get a read on your bravery level. Take the "What % Brave Are You" Quiz\!&nbsp;[CLICK HERE&nbsp;](https://play.howstuffworks.com/quiz/what-brave-are-you)and then post your results on Facebook for all to see\! Now that's Brave\!**

**Real Estate Corner:&nbsp;****Talking about Bravery - There is nothing like a good Night Light to help us be brave in the dark\! Check out these "Exceptionally Cool Night Lights and Lamps" including an interesting toilet light\!\!&nbsp;[CLICK HERE&nbsp;](https://www.amazon.com/unique-night-lights/s?k=unique+night+lights)to check them out\!**

**Hope you Enjoyed these tips & inf😎**

**[Let us know](https://longislandrealestatevideoblog.com/contact)&nbsp;if we can help you in any way\!&nbsp;**

**Karen & Joe Don😎van&nbsp;**&nbsp;