---
layout: post
title: TALENT
date: 2022-03-14 20:31:35
tags:
excerpt: "\_\_\"It’s the rough side of the mountain that’s the easiest to climb; the smooth side doesn’t have anything for you to hang on to.\"\_Aretha Franklin"
enclosure:
pullquote:
enclosure_type: video/mp4
enclosure_time:
use_youtube_image: false
youtube_alternate_image: /uploads/unnamed-1.jpeg
youtube_code:
---
{% include youtube.html %}

&nbsp;

**Everyone has talents\! When we have a chance to earn a living by using our&nbsp;[natural gifts and talents,](https://t.e2ma.net/click/qmyc2g/y0qeoac/6y2cop){: target="_blank"}&nbsp;work somehow doesn’t feel as much like work. When I think of natural talent, Aretha Franklin stands out. She was a musician of incredible gifts, who earned her Queen of Soul title. She sang for numerous celebrities, won 18 Grammys, and recorded numerous top singles. She certainly had every reason to brag about her accomplishments, but throughout her career, Aretha remained humble. In 1998, at the height of her fame, she told CBC TV, “I'm not a star, I'm just the lady next door”. In a world of A-list celebrities, she was about as real as it gets, which made her music all the more special.**

**Aretha began singing Gospel music at a young age and was often heard saying, “Gospel goes with me wherever I go”. It was not something that she sought out; It was something that came out of her. It was who she was.&nbsp; In the movie,&nbsp;*The Blues Brothers*, one of the most memorable scenes in the movie was when Franklin belted out&nbsp;[“R-E-S-P-E-C-T”.](https://t.e2ma.net/click/qmyc2g/y0qeoac/mr3cop){: target="_blank"}&nbsp;You can’t fake that kind of emotion. It was pure and real. &nbsp; Her journey as a black woman was just as important to her as her musical career. She used her gift to make a difference in the world and in the lives of those she touched. Not everyone can be Aretha Franklin, but we can all make a difference by&nbsp;[tapping into our talents&nbsp;](https://t.e2ma.net/click/qmyc2g/y0qeoac/2j4cop){: target="_blank"}and making a difference in the lives around us.**

**REAL ESTATE CORNER: &nbsp;"Speaking of Talent - Many times, what you are talented in is reflected in what hobbys you are good at\! Take this cool 8 question quiz from HGTV to find out "What&nbsp; kind of Craft is right for you based on your likes, preferences and talents\! &nbsp;[CLICK HERE TO TAKE THE QUIZ\!](https://t.e2ma.net/click/qmyc2g/y0qeoac/ic5cop){: target="_blank"}**

**Hope you enjoyed these tips**

**Let us know if we can help you in any way\!&nbsp;**

**Karen & Joe Donovan&nbsp;**

**[P.S. Check out this week's featured song "Make Your Own Kind of Music](https://t.e2ma.net/click/qmyc2g/y0qeoac/y45cop){: target="_blank"}"**
