---
layout: post
title: HELPFUL
date: 2022-12-04 07:00:00
tags:
excerpt:
enclosure:
pullquote:
enclosure_type: video/mp4
enclosure_time:
use_youtube_image: false
youtube_alternate_image: /uploads/ba6ef6d16c225b4f6d77d404-1224x460.jpg
youtube_code:
---
**WORD OF THE WEEK&nbsp;[HELPFUL](https://www.bing.com/search?q=Helpful+definition&amp;cvid=a5e653b1381d42ee904d3747a113de2c&amp;aqs=edge..69i57j69i64.10079j0j1&amp;pglt=675&amp;FORM=ANNTA1&amp;PC=U531)**

***"Never get tired of doing little things for others. Sometimes those little things occupy the biggest part of their hearts."&nbsp;[Anonymous](https://www.quotespedia.org/authors/a/anonymous/never-get-tired-of-doing-little-things-for-your-loved-ones-those-little-things-occupy-the-biggest-part-of-their-hearts-anonymous/)***

**Good Morning Friends,**

**In this season of giving and goodwill toward mankind, I got to thinking about what it means to say that someone is “Helpful”. The first thought that came to mind was a snippet from the Girl Scout Oath I learned as a kid: “On my honor I will try to do my best … to help other people at all times.”**

**Did you ever meet someone who was a genuinely helpful person? Maybe you were lucky enough to have a friend or family member who always seemed to be there when you needed them. They knew how to say the right thing when you needed it or help you out of a “jam” in the knick of time or fix something that you urgently needed to get fixed\!**

**I’ve been fortunate to have several people like that in my life. My dad, for one, could always be counted on to come around just when a house project had come to a screeching halt because we couldn’t figure out how to solve a problem\!&nbsp; Also my sister, the nurse who was always there to rush to our side if ever there was a health crisis in the family\! And then, of course, there is my husband who can always be counted on when a legal or life dilemma comes along and someone is needed who can think out of the box\!**

**How helpful are you? Take the Helpfulness Quiz right now\!&nbsp;[CLICK HERE](https://quizizz.com/admin/quiz/5eaf47f3a9b26e001cf5a0e4/being-helpful)**

**My thought for this week is that to attract helpful people to you, you must also show yourself helpful\! This is a great time of year to be on the lookout for how to accomplish this. Maybe there is someone or a group of people less fortunate that could really use a helping hand or maybe a friend or neighbor who could use some cheering up. So, this week, keep your antennae up, and see who you encounter that could use a little “help” in their lives. You may be surprised at how quickly your efforts come right back around to you in an unexpected way\!... My wish for you is that good things and unexpected pleasures come from you. as well as come your way, this season and always\!**

**Real Estate Corner:&nbsp;****Talking about helpful, I have come across a new favorite YouTube channel that contains all things helpful on anything you need to know to fix something up around your house.&nbsp; The channel is called "The Honest Carpenter"&nbsp; Checkout one of the videos I found particularly helpful. (this one is about stuff every house needs for under $10\!) &nbsp;****[CLICK HERE](https://youtu.be/--TEBkkLzrk)**

**Hope you Enjoyed these tips & inf😎**

**[Let us know](https://longislandrealestatevideoblog.com/contact)&nbsp;if we can help you in any way\!&nbsp;**

**Karen & Joe Don😎van&nbsp;**&nbsp;