---
layout: post
title: TRUTH
date: 2022-07-25 16:22:31
tags:
excerpt:
enclosure:
pullquote:
enclosure_type: video/mp4
enclosure_time:
use_youtube_image: false
youtube_alternate_image: /uploads/674d1afe068a63302cee331e-1224x428.jpeg
youtube_code:
---
**INSPIRATION FOR YOUR WEEK AHEAD:**

**WORD OF THE WEEK: [TRUTH](https://youtu.be/mmmIrB9Rebc) **

***"Truth alone will endure, all the rest will be swept away before the tide of time. I must continue to bear testimony to truth even if I am forsaken by all. Mine may today be a voice in the wilderness, but it will be heard when all other voices are silenced, if it is the voice of Truth."* — [Mahatma Gandhi](https://www.yourarticlelibrary.com/mahatma-gandhi/mahatma-gandhis-views-on-truth/38535)**

**Today we are talking about truth. What is truth? There are certain universal truths that you would think all human beings have in common; there is only one sky for all of us, everyone eats, breathes, is born and dies. But over the centuries there have been truths that were held as “universal” which have since been found to be erroneous, for example: “[The earth is flat](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Myth_of_the_flat_Earth)”.**

**With everything that is going on in our country and the world right now, we may be starting to think that the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth might be an elusive concept.**

**How can it be that people say they desire to live by the truth, yet still tightly hold on to beliefs that, in other’s eyes, are so "contrary" to the truth?**

**Here are 3 tips to help you in [seeking Truth](https://ethos3.com/useful-tips-ted-talk-seek-truth-era-fake-news/#:~:text=Useful%20Tips%20from%20the%20TED%20Talk%20%E2%80%9CHow%20to,the%20form%20of%20a%20call%20to%20action.%20) and in dealing with people who do not see things the same way as you do.**

**1\. Become more conscious of the assumptions that you’ve been making about truth. Most of us bury our truth assumptions so deep in our subconscious that we don’t even realize what we’re assuming. We accept things as the truth because people around us believe them or because we were “brought up that way.” That doesn’t mean those things are really true. They might be true, but it’s important for us to examine our beliefs and decide for ourselves.**

**2\. Accept the fact that different people will have different views on many subjects. Those different views aren’t necessarily right or wrong — they’re just different. Everyone is entitled to their own view, even if they disagree with you. Try to be open-minded and understand where they are coming from.**

**3\. As for how to make decisions on important issues, ask yourself** the **following questions about the views of the person or group who has given you this information:**

**\*Does the idea make sense? How probable is it that this idea did or could actually take place? **

**\*Is it hurtful to others?**

**\*Is the statement based on facts? What is the source of the alleged facts? [Look for exaggerations in the statements](https://learnsafe.com/fact-or-fake-how-to-fact-check-online-articles/).**

**The important thing to remember about seeking the truth is that even though someone’s truth is different from yours, they still deserve your respect just as you do theirs. If we could all believe that mutual respect was indeed a universal truth, the world might just have a chance of becoming a safer, saner and better place for all of us to live\! I hope these thoughts are helpful in your quest for Truth.**

**Real Estate Corner:****Talk about living the truth - check out the best security cameras you can use at your home so you truly know what is going on when you are not at home: [CLICK HERE](https://www.tomsguide.com/best-picks/best-home-security-cameras)**

**Hope you Enjoyed these tips & inf😎**

**[Let us know](https://tampabayrealestatevideoblog.com/contact) if we can help you in any way\! **

**Karen & Joe Don😎van **

 ***P.S. LISTEN NOW TO THE SONG OF THE WEEK\!***

 ***Start off your week with the truth\! ******"What is Truth"***

 ***sung by none other than the Man in Black\!***

 ***[CLICK HERE NOW](https://youtu.be/S0KQWTBljjg)***
